Fix #873: Update documentation for E2EE (#874)
lime-company/lime-security-powerauth: docs/Activation-via-Activation-Code.md

   PublicKey KEY_DEVICE_PUBLIC = keyPair.getPublic()
   ```

1. PowerAuth Mobile SDK encrypts the payload containing `KEY_DEVICE_PUBLIC` with an application scoped encryption (level 2, `sh1="/pa/activation"`). Let's call the result of this step as `ACTIVATION_DATA`.

1. PowerAuth Mobile SDK encrypts payload containing `ACTIVATION_DATA` and `ACTIVATION_CODE` with an application scoped encryption (level 1, `sh1="/pa/generic/application"`) and sends HTTPS request to the `/pa/v3/activation/create` endpoint.

> 1. Enrollment Server decrypts the encryption envelope, with an application scoped encryption (level 1, `sh1="/pa/generic/application"`) and calls PowerAuth Server with `ACTIVATION_DATA`. At this step, the `ACTIVATION_CODE` is be used to identify the pending activation.

Reviewer: I am thinking of better wording to this step to avoid using "encryption envelope", as it is not mentioned before and "decrypts, with an encryption". Maybe

```suggestion
1. Enrollment Server decrypts the received payload encrypted with an application scope encryption (level 1, `sh1="/pa/generic/application"`) and calls PowerAuth Server with `ACTIVATION_DATA`. At this step, the `ACTIVATION_CODE` is be used to identify the pending activation.
```

1. PowerAuth Server changes the record status to `PENDING_COMMIT`.

1. PowerAuth Server encrypts response, containing `ACTIVATION_ID`, `CTR_DATA`, `KEY_SERVER_PUBLIC` with the same key as was used for level 2 encryption. This data is one more time encrypted by Enrollment Server, with the same key from level 1 encryption, and the response is sent to the PowerAuth Client.

> 1. PowerAuth Mobile SDK decrypts the response with both levels of encryption, in the right order and receives `ACTIVATION_ID`, `KEY_SERVER_PUBLIC`, `CTR_DATA` and stores all that values locally in the volatile memory on the device.

Reviewer: Suggestion for clarity
```suggestion
1. PowerAuth Mobile SDK decrypts both levels of encryption of the response in the right order and receives `ACTIVATION_ID`, `KEY_SERVER_PUBLIC`, `CTR_DATA` and stores all that values locally in the volatile memory on the device.
```
